Add quickstart page to xstate v5 docs (#115)
statelyai/docs: versioned_docs/version-5/migration.mdx

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## New features

_List coming soon_

## Timeline

> XState V5 is in beta, so there’s still work to be done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
XState V5 is in beta, so there’s still work to be done. We anticipate that the tools will be fully compatible with XState V5 beta by summer/fall 2023, with XState V5 stable being released by the end of 2023.
```

### When will XState V5 be out of beta?

> Soon! Upvote or comment on [XState V5 in our roadmap](https://statelyai.canny.io/xstate/p/xstate-v5) to be the first to find out when V5 is released.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can't provide any exact estimates, but we hope to release XState V5 as a stable major release this year (2023). The rough timeline is:

1. Get early feedback on XState V5 beta (`xstate@beta`)
2. Ensure that all related packages (e.g. `@xstate/react`, `@xstate/vue`) are fully compatible with XState V5
3. Support V5 in typegen, `@xstate/inspect`, and related tools
4. Support V5 (importing & exporting) in Stately Studio
5. Release candidates
6. Release XState V5 stable

Upvote or comment on [XState V5 in our roadmap](https://statelyai.canny.io/xstate/p/xstate-v5) to be the first to find out when V5 is released.
```
